CIFT launches mobile application

SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT
KOCHI
The city-based Central Insti-
tute of Fisheries Technology
(CIFT) under the Indian
Council for Agricultural Re-
search (ICAR) has developed
a mobile application which
can provide quick access to
information on harvest and
post-harvest fisheries as-
pects. :

The application was
launched by J.K. Jena, depu-

ty director general (fisher-
ies), ICAR, at the function
held at ICAR-CIFT. C.N. Rav-
ishankar, director, ICAR-
CIFT, and B. A. Shyam Sun-
dar, vice-president, Asian
Fisheries Society Indian
branch, were present on the
occasion, said a press re-
lease here.

Mr. Jena lauded the efforts
of ICAR-CIFT for undertak-
ing need-based research for
harvest and post-harvest

fisheries sector as well as in-

novative mechanisms for
disseminating research out-
puts. Besides fishing tech-
nologies and post-harvest
technologies, the applica-
tion provides information
on quality assuranceâ€™ and
management, biochemistry,
nutrition, microbiology and
engineering aspects.

The application may be
freely downloaded from the
Google Play Store.